Don't feed your machines at midnight!
Your Factory Must grow...
Este Modpack foi feito por um Brasileiro! (The Modpack Dev of this Pack is Brazilian!)
Chup Chup?
Is this a Future where Thermal Dynamics have been ported to 1.16 and Beyond?
Help! I'am Stuck in a Loading Screen!
Is this Modpack going to stay in Beta forever?
There will always be an easier way to craft/automate stuff
All Dimensions are locked behind specific Quests, so Complete them!
Water bottles don't drain the water source. 
Sponges can provide Silk Touch on Tinkers tools.
If you're going to use voice chat, don't have push-to-talk and veinmine on the same key.
Eat occasionally, it prevents death and can give valuable buffs.
Candles make a great early game source of light.
Did you know this pack has Gregtech? Don't tell your Friends.
Set up an early GTCEu sifter to process gems better.
Water is finite in all Biomes.
Energy Converters have internal battery slots, no external battery buffers needed.
The GTCEu Air Collector can produce air quickly for centrifuging early.
It's generally worth upgrading to the highest tier assembler you can make.
Menril trees are great for a tree farm and have useful centrifuged byproducts.
To progress beyond EV power you will need multiblock turbines.
As you progress, enemies will become more varied and deadly.
It helps if you don't get distracted by silly things like collecting parrots.
There is always something else to be done, avoid waiting for things to process.
Non renewables Fuels are far more valuable and can be multiplied via processing!
Detest a fate where you wait till late? Don't hesitate, automate! It's great!
Bookmark all the veins you find as you explore, you may need them later.
Use sodium for batteries until you're able to obtain lithium. 
Wear a spacesuit in space, it prevents death from lack of oxygen!
In GregTech, overclocking a machine recipe processes it in half the time but at 4x the power for total twice the EU cost.
GregTech multiblocks are very modular.
GregTech Cables can be used to transfer both RF and EU! this means that you should only need converters for RF -> EU.
Always take care of your machines, they need Love and Maintenance.
When using Water Tanks, always pay attention to the Humidity of your current biome, this affects its production rate.
Enjoy your Stay, don't rush things!
Need Help? Head to our Discord (Link in the Menu)!
Want to Help the Dev? Head to Github and open an Issue today!